1. For Consultation order getting Packing fee & delivery fee in Order Review page. 
2. "You can consult doctor once payment done" content is missing above payment details section. 
3. Note info is missing on order review page. 
4. When we apply coupon getting coupon discount, now removing the coupon, the coupon discount amount is not removed until clicking on Apply coupon option
5. When coupon applied getting "FLAT 100 off" text is dispalying as default.
6. We are able to process Consultation flow as a pharma flow, when we add consltation from Recently viewed section in cart page. 
7. We are able to ADD NFM + Consultation in cart. 
8. When clicking on NMS SuperCash in Apply coupon the Apply coupon section is getting hidden. 
9. Clicking on Header back buton from payment page is redirecting to PLP page instead of Order review page.
10 In cart page when we try to apply coupon getting delay in apply 
11. For Online Consultation getting COD option in payment page.
12. Payment details mismatch in order success from order review - Already Raised
13. Recently viewed & JioAds banners are displaying in order success page but in UI is it not displayed. 
14. Once the payment done Auto redirection is not happening for consultation chat page 
15. Redirecting you in "n"sec, the timmer is not running in order review page. 
16. In Chat page timestamp is not shown instead Na Na is displaying. 
17. In Kivi panel patient & Time is showing incorrect - Already raised. 
18. Once Doctor Accept the order in Kivi panel in user chat page "Doctor has joined the chat" is displaying multiple times. 
19. When we write any message or any attachement in kivi panel the same message or attachment is showing multiple times in user chat. 
20. Dotor message timestamp is showing incorrect in user chat page. 
21. When try to attach any image or document from user chat page getting 400 error.
22. Unable to preview the image in User chat page. 
23. When uploading PDF file from Kivi panel getting as broken image in user chat page. 
24. Consultation Complete content is not as per UI. 
25. In My Orders page getting Order processing for consultation order. 
26. Free follow up message is not shown in my order's page. 
27. Patient name and Doctor speciality is showing as "placeholder" instead patient name & doctor speciality.
28. In Booking details page payemnt mode is showing as "pay at clinic" for online consultation order. 
29. In Platform the consultation order is showing as Pharma order, getting order status as order confirmed and in log getting bag_invoiced.
30. In Booking details page status bar is not highlighted and not as per UI.
31. The consultation order is showing in BO with random product - FY65FBDCFA0EBCD20872
32. Track Status in booking details page is not highlighted and not as per UI.


1. share more feedback about the doctor? option size is not as per UI.
2. post consultation clicking on the star is highlighted, when try to deselect it not getting removed only when we deselect the previous star it is getting deselected. 